AAP-47376: Creating new guide and content for Terraform and AAP integration. (#3825)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/assemblies/terraform-aap/assembly-terraform-integrating-from-terraform.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY

[id="terraform-integrating-from-terraform"]

= Integrating from Terraform

> If you have already provisioned your environment from Terraform Enterprise, you can use the Terraform certified provider for Ansible Automation Platform to leverage Ansible Automation Platform’s automation capabilities for Day 2 tasks and manage infrastructure updates and lifecycle events. For more information about integrating from Terraform Enterprise, see the link:https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/enterprise[Terraform documentation] and the link:https://registry.terraform.io/providers/ansible/aap/latest[Ansible/aap provider registry].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have already provisioned your environment from Terraform Enterprise, you can use the Terraform certified provider for {Platformnameshort} to leverage {PlatformNameShort}'s automation capabilities for Day 2 tasks and manage infrastructure updates and lifecycle events. For more information about integrating from Terraform Enterprise, see the link:https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/enterprise[Terraform documentation] and the link:https://registry.terraform.io/providers/ansible/aap/latest[Ansible/aap provider registry].
```
